Move the PASSWORD variable to the .env file (#3)
devstaff-crete/devstaff-draw: README.md

| POST             | /urlBase/participants.json                     |
| PUT/PATCH/DELETE | /urlBase/participants/1.json                   |

## Admin page

> To access the admin page, please use the password provided in the `.env.example`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the admin page, please use the password provided and configured in the `.env`
```
